Elliott de BruinCSE 403Team: FlintWeek 6 Individual Status ReportWeek 5 Plans and Goals:* Write up clean specifications for all components we are building this week* Revise our proposal from last week* Write the user manual for Flinto Needs to have a very detailed guide on all the ways the user will be allowed to configure their style check file* Build the driver for Flinto I am responsible for the compile checker* Build the CLI adapter * Build the configuration component * Have a working CLI version of Flint by the end of the weekProgress Report:	This week we all implemented our parts of the CLI Adapter and have our base for Flint now. We also finished our architecture and implementation plan earlier this week and created presentation slides to give a technical presentation on Flint to our peers. This week I have been researching the Intellij IDEA API to learn more on how we will create an IDE plugin version of Flint. The first set, which we have already done when we created the project, is to create an Intellij Plugin Project. When you create this project Intellij creates a plugin.xml file with it, which we are able to configure to interact with the Intellij Platform UI. The Intellij Platform provides the class AnAction, whose actionPerformed method is called each time you select a menu item or toolbar item you have created. We could use this feature to give users the option to turn on or turn off Flint, as well as give them the option to have Flint run on every file save or have it run by clicking a toolbar item. Intellij also has a feature that allows you to run and debug your plugin. Using this when you run the plugin it will launch the IDE with your plugin installed and you will be able to test using it and debug it. When we have fully built the Flint plugin we can publish it to JetBrains Plugin Repository or to a custom plugin repository for others to download it and use.Plans and Goals for the Week:* Have a detailed and easy to read user manual * Publish the user manual to our GitHub repository* Build our customization support* Research auto-run on every file save* Create a survey for User Testing and a plan for how we want to conduct it* Do User Testing with our CLI version of Flint* Build the IDE Adapter